[Music]
Julieta answers about her hacker uncle
but the thing is that I would have liked to have
addressed this topic but the thing is that I didn't
address it let's see if uncle sh puts a little
context, they hacked, they leaked a lot
of things about her of a private nature It's that I did
n't comment on this because
uh Because the screenshots themselves, I mean,
I didn't like the topic much to
comment on it Because those days we would have
something better to comment on but we had to
censor The screenshots The screenshots
had a lot of personal data and so on So I did
n't
comment on that topic but it stayed there, there it stayed but
well basically they hacked Julieta No
and well there was a lot of movement after
all that happened almost a
week ago Julieta has spoken about the subject so I would
start basically someone sends a
super chat with the context And what kind of
things were leaked finally so that you
understand I have been two weeks more or
less out because I don't know if you have seen
e but in general rules I want to
summarize it very very very because the
truth is I don't even feel like talking about the subject
but well there so that you understand even if it
's a  a little bit in general terms ah
I suffered many hacking attempts if
some of you have seen some
message leaks that really hits the nail okay I
mean the problem is not that
the messages were leaked The problem is that they
attacked me they tried to steal uh
money from me as they couldn't they tried to
extort that money as they
couldn't and obviously I didn't respond to the
extortions they threatened me and tried to
hack all my accounts and accounts of
people close to me Okay I wasn't
out for two weeks because
three crappy messages from 5 years ago were leaked that's so
thank you very much Hey remind you
all Now that there are more Peña worth
reminding you all that we have 157
members so far live and eh Let's
see if we can get close to 3000
members okay eh you can give away members
I think that with 2000 people here you can easily
give away half a member each and we
make it easy Eh Years I was
out for a long time because I received threats
I received extortion attempts I received
income in my accounts Okay income not
just attempted income Ah income It's
that here income Claro is talking about
income from entering your account of course I
say [ __ ] Well I want to be
hacked too and make income to me I
always want money eh [ __ ] what a
crybaby I am income we will end the year
with
369 members says Black I wish I wish
man I would be ashamed to end the year with
less than 3000 eh Hey cilito says
cilito that obsession with the members [ __ ] man
That sounds bad eh And well nothing
for that same reason everything was taken is
still taken for a legal issue eh obviously
I hired lawyers for this I don't
believe it this is like the typical one that is said
but I don't think he's going to
get into lawyers to maintain
these things and because well I don't tell you if they
had leaked three messages about my
life it doesn't matter to me, I mean, it doesn't matter
to me, it affected me, affect no I
mean, he kept me busy solving
these issues, I mean, I was all warse
other 50 members family worse other 50 members
wow
20012 members we have right now 212
members we have right now  uncle
kids [ __ ] kids eh and then I
put a tweet eh I also love to
joke around I don't really like to joke around What does
Chari say Have you seen how the
kids are today every day talking
to the lawyers and so on then well well
nothing I had to take care of that that's why I have
n't been doing live that's why I haven't been
uploading stories or
anything So like Well nothing that so you
have a little bit of context I would
also complement by saying that he has
had very bad days and that maybe that's why he has
n't reacted in the best way
in the last few days then But
someone tells me that or rather there were like
conversations And such But with
private data But what is it what was there what was there can you
give me a little bit of
context private conversations nothing's going to
happen but Lone What is it is Lone you
are not a member uncle Beatriz you are not a member
because I'm seeing a lot of
super loyal kids who are not members uncle I love to
draw regalado 20 uncle I love to draw
regalado 20 you T T T T you
The topic is heating up here eh The
topic is heating up and it may be a
reality that we get  a to end the
year with 3000 eh you you things are getting
serious eh buah night tonight no no no it's that of course it's that of
course it's that I think we're
getting close to the two what 230 240
the guy I love to draw he's a crack Hey well
follow his channel follow his channel if you
know him you you you The night is getting hot
eh it's Well, nothing So you
understand that I've had very bad days, I
mean days of a lot of stress and a lot of
anxiety and very busy and that's why I have
n't been active and also because of that eh Well, I have
Ah reacted perhaps in a
way that I wouldn't react to
certain comments eh certain jokes and
etcetera on social networks because well,
clearly I was going through a
difficult time not only because of a
leak of three messages I was going
through a complicated time and well seeing
people joke around And so well, no, this didn't
make me laugh no eh But well for the
moment I'm somewhat calmer I do
n't know trying to do things as I
can eh And well, nothing I think that would also
talk about all the hate that  I saw
herself on social media I see a
lot of people throwing hate on
social media but I don't know I'm already used to it they
get to me I mean if you don't like me too much dude I
mean if you don't like
that I have a personal life too much yeah
You thought that because I don't know because you see me
live you were going to be with me too much dude I
think that specifically that
really stupid comment Well I've already
clarified it several times uh I think
in fact I must have some clip out there
talking about that subject but well Yeah
And finally I would say that for
security reasons she will not be able to announce events
or places where she is going to go since
the threats would have been Well also
physical Okay Uf tyrion by retes But
why do you have a why do you have
users called tyrion joint
man But why do you do that to my
dog ​​​​[ __ ] eh how he throws a joint
everything that has to do with trips and
events I'm not going to tell you anything okay Ah
for security reasons basically I
can't tell you absolutely anything  if I
go if I don't go if I move if I don't move if I travel if I don't
travel if I have plans if I do
n't I remind you that I had threats
physical threats okay I mean no no
threats that I'm going to leak
messages to you no no threats towards me
therefore I have to be much
more careful in that sense okay So
then nothing try not to ask me about
those things because sadly I won't be
able to answer you well poor thing not
here
[Music]